fix: Serialization docs (#4007)
MidLevel/MLAPI: com.unity.netcode.gameobjects/Documentation~/advanced-topics/serialization/networkobject-serialization.md

> # NetworkObject and NetworkBehaviour

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# NetworkObject and NetworkBehaviour serialization
```

> It's recommended to read the [serialization overview](./serialization/serialization-overview.md) to better understand this documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Read the [Serialization overview](./serialization/serialization-overview.md) page to understand the basics of serialization before learning how to serialize `NetworkObjects` and `NetworkBehaviours`.
```
